## UX Research - TravelNZ

TravelNZ is a travel company that offers tours around the country with a user base of international travellers interested in seeing what NZ has to offer. To implement a user-centered design, the requirements of the user should be specified. 
The typical TravelNZ client visiting their website, as well as the host, would have an end requirement/goal of having their chosen tour booked, so the design should be based around the ease of finding and booking these tours. 

Consistency is a key factor in usability. This not only refers to the consistency in function and design across all pages of the website, but also being consistent with user expectations for the website being designed. A template that is similar to pre-existing successful websites of the same function ensures a smooth user experience because there is less the user has to learn and they can predict the interaction effortlessly.
The concept of Jakob's Law in UX is that users spend most of their time on other websites, therefore users have a pre-existing idea of how a website should "work" and base their expectations around that. Users prefer a website that works the same way as other sites they are already familiar with, whether it's the placements of certain elements, the way the user is expected to interact with the UI, or the overall flow of the page.

For easy navigation, TravelNZ's webpage will need a clear hierarchy of content. Hierarchy refers to the visual hierarchy of the webpage in its design as well as the hierarchy of information and the delivery of information from the webpage to the end user. It lets them know where to focus their attention first. Implementing a hierarchical design would mean prioritising certain information or elements and letting this flow in a logical and smooth manner using visual principles such as scale, colour, proximity, spacing etc.

A client wanting to book with TravelNZ will want to navigate and explore their options with ease and could likely already have locations and/or dates in mind. Information such as tour dates and length, locations, travel style, price etc. should be considered in the hierarchy as these are major factors in determining which tour to book based on the user's preference, and the clear display of such information will help the user compare options. 
A search bar with a dropdown menu of locations and a dropdown calendar at the top of the webpage (Home Page?) is suitable and will also be familiar, even if they have never used a tour booking company before, as this type of search bar/menu is similarly used when searching and booking flights. 
